Members:
Book, Theodore
Lei, Tang
Li, Lung
Xiaoran, Xu

Description:
  Server_text.c:  server code, can work in two modes: ping-pong and web server mode
  Client_text.c:  client code, send data of various sizes to server and recive a pong message including the same data. client send data multiple times to calculate average latency time.
  httpd.c:        work in web mode, parse requested file path, and send file content to browser for rendering

Sources:
  Aside from the following sources, the code is the product of the group
  members.

  The client_text.c and server_text.c programs are based on the supplied
    examples for COMP 429

  The libmagic mime type library was produced by Tim Robbins

Testing:
  1. Ping-Pong test

     Part I:

     We tested correctness and scalebility of ping-pong mode in three different ways:

     1) localhost client to localhost server
	We wrote a script file named localpp to test different combinations of data size (10-65535) and data numbers (1-10000) on local host. 
     
     2) localhost client to clear servers
	Similar script files were created to test ping-pong mode from local machine to clear servers. 
        Script file names:
	ringpp  for ring.clear.rice.edu
	waterpp for water.clear.rice.edu
	skypp   for sky.clear.rice.edu
	glasspp for glass.clear.rice.edu

     3) clear server to clear server
	Script file name:  water2ringpp etc. 
	
     How to test: 

     1) start server with port 18115 (as in script file or other usable port from 18000 to 18200) 
	./server 18115

     2) create executable script
	chmod +x scriptfilename
 
     3) type command in client terminal to test:
	./scriptfilename > scriptfilenameOutput.txt


     Part II:

     We also tested concurrency of pingpong mode in three different ways:

     1) multiple local clients access local server
	script file named localppconcurrency. the script file will spawn 5 new terminals and run concurrency test. localppconcurrency will run
	testlocalconcurrency in each child terminal. 

     2) multiple local clients access clear server
        script file name: ringppconcurrency, waterppconcurrency etc. the script file will spawn 5 new terminals and run concurrency test. ringppconcurrency will run
	testringconcurrency in each child terminal.

     3) multiple clear clients access clear server
	mannually start three clients on three clear servers other than server itself
	
     How to test:

     1) start pingpong server on local host with port 18115 (as in script file or other usable port from 18000 to 18200) 
        ./server 18115
       
     2) for first two tests, run script file locally to pop up new terminals to launch multiple clients
        ./scriptfilename 
     
     3) for the third test, start pingpong server on one of the clear server then log into three other clear servers
        ./client serverIP port 65535 10000
        
   2. WWW web mode
      for web mod, we downloaded two webpages google and yahoo for test. We used three different modern browsers including chrome, firefox, and IE to access the web pages when 
      server work in www mode. In order to test concurrency, we opened multiple tabs in chrome, firefox, and IE, all access to the web server. Then we refresh all tabs at the 
      same time to see if all tabs can load webpage correctly. 

 


	
